Comment by Jake Moran: I need a upgrade on a phone but idk what ... I want a good phone with great battery preferebly m ore than 3300 milliamps looks good (almost bezel-less) idk like the ,1+5,lg v30 ,Google pixel XL 2 or any good phone honestly ....any suggestions
Comment by Lazy Prophet: Everyone forgets the granddaddy that started it all... the Sharp Aquos Crystal.
Comment by Lars Kretzschmer: cheap phones are getting good, good phones are gettimg cheap and flagships are getting way too expensive
Comment by malak kurdy: cool
Comment by Kabeeshan Pramathasan: The dogee phone is a complete scam. It lies about having dual cameras.
Comment by Sean Ng: THE DUAL CAMERAS ARE FAKE!!!!
Comment by blakegriplingph: The dual camera on this is a sham. :P
Comment by Orange 8: You uploading a 6 minute video telling me everything I already know, and I enjoyed every second 😉
Comment by Iking Padilla: Transistors are shrinking!!!!!!!
Comment by Sajan Singh: Sony ain't following anything in 2017 big chunky bezels and single camera set-up  :(
Comment by Anonymous Err: Next is obviously disappearing displays....😂
Comment by Diego Morais: motorola z2 force uses dual camera
Comment by Rohit Arora: no bezels are all good , but i like the front facing dual speakers on my nexus 6p , fitting in that with no bezels , waiting for that
Comment by bradley harris: meaningful wildlife dispute head circuit straight fruit.
Comment by Kishore S: IPhone 8 which phone was that?
Comment by MTG 102: Review the LG Q6
Comment by Goober and Buddy: Alright, how much did Doogee pay you to include that phone in the video?  I mean honestly why did you put that in there?
Comment by Dekun Liu: SONY...still bezels, still single cam, but still love it ^ 3 ^
Comment by Alexander Zamani: cheap phones are getting good but the best phones are getting stupidly expensive as well as contracts for them, I dunno about anyone else but I'm sticking now with chinese phones that do 90% of the top of the line ones for 1/4 of the price or less...
Comment by Sanchit Snehashish: Can I get that outro music?
psycopg2
